    What went well with this assignment?
	Some fixes went well i thought i was in pretty good shape though i swear every step forward let me to a moment of some relaps
	where things took a step back and had to figure something out before moving forward...



    What did you struggle with?
	Time...but thats on me...work requires OT and family requires me...ha
	Struggled though within the extras (so getting maps to display markers and i didnt even attempt the picture)
	With what i worked on had some trouble with how i was trying to set it up==meaning i didnt have an ID field within my sighting
		so trying to update a sighitng without the single identifier it was a bit impossible at least in my attempts--going 
		back and getting the id in was a quick and relatively simple fix
	Date and time formatting from the SQL to the JSp was a little fun...went ok but took some time...
	The wireframes...luckily i found some online program that helped...and didnt have to pay for that...
	Moving through and seeing some things that i could really make better but because of, well, my time management 
		better is gonna have to wait...
	
    How and where did you seek help with this assignment?
	Not too much help sought out most issues as i have felt throughout the program was due to a misspelling or something similar
		which often was the case so just re-reading it was my saving...some issues with NEtbeans losing its mind (or maybe 		Tomcat)--meaning a change made may have been right but i wasnt seeing the correct run because i first needed to shut 		all of it down and try again...it was frustrating...
	But when i needed i looked to the java instrutors...
	I know they changed policy during my second half but i think i would have benifited from the continued weekly meNtor meetings ( 		or at least every other...i dunno) 
	

    What unanswered questions do you still have?
	I dunno im sure plenty...have i done this in a way of convensional programmers would have done it? i hope...but im sure im off 		some